#DeploymentUmbraco.com uses a deployment model that relies on Git, Kudu, and Courier core technology to move your changes from one environment to another.  Umbraco.com uses a classic "left to right" deployment model, meaning that changes are first made in the development environment, then deployed to the staging environment, then deployed to the live environment.  Note:  not all projects have a staging environment, so your deployment may be from development to live.##Deployment ApproachUmbraco.com uses a two-part deployment approach where we keep meta data (types, templates, etc) and content (Document and Media) as separate parts of a deployment.  This allows developers to focus on deploying meta data which is stored in the site's git repository and content editors to focus on deploying content which is stored as Umbraco data.  In summary:1. Meta data such as Document Types, Templates, Macros, Views and files are still stored in a git repository and are deployed between environments using either a git client or the portal.2. Document and Media items are not stored in the git repository, but can be deployed directly from the Umbraco back office using  the "Queue for Transfer" option in the Action menu which adds them to a deployment queue.  Once a content editor has all the items needed for a deployment (which could be just a single item) they will use the Deployment Dashboard form the Content section to deploy items in the queue.With this arrangement you don't need to grant umbraco.com portal access to your content editors but can, instead, allow them access only to the required back office sections of your sites.##How do I deploy?When working directly with an umbraco.com project, you deploy using the "Deploy to ..." button from your project's portal for meta data and directly in the site's back office to deploy content.  When working locally, or in an environment outside of umbraco.com, to deploy a site to umbraco.com after you’ve made changes you execute a `Git Push` from your local Git client.  Umbraco keeps track of all the changes you make to a site and includes these changes when you deploy.  Of course, once you’ve deployed your local changes to your dev site on umbraco.com deploying to your staging or your live site is literally as simple a pressing the "Deploy to..." button.To deploy content you may have created locally you'll use the same approach as above; adding items to the queue, then deploying the queue to your umbraco.com Dev site - which is automatically configured for you.  ##I’m ready to get started, what do I do first?###Working directly in umbraco.comWhen working with your umbraco.com site directly, having logged in to the umbraco back office, any changes you make will automatically be identified and comitted to the site's Git repository.  This includes umbraco specific items like document types and templates.  In the umbraco.com portal activity view there will be messages in the activity stream as well as an indication of how many commits have been made.As you add or edit content and media in your site you'll notice these are not added to the site's Git repository.  We leave it to you to decide which content to deploy and when.  For more on how to work with a local clone of your site see the [Working Local documentation.](working-local.md)